The goal of this type of
introduction is to know how
the program is structured,
what are the areas, especially
to understand what are the
benefits or objectives of
each of the areas.
We will not go into the details of the
whole syllable, that is, of all
the courses we incorporate, because
that is what you have on the website.
As I tell you, the benefits, why
will serve us all the knowledge
you will acquire.
The first thing I want you to keep
in mind is that The Power MBA
is structured in a number of areas
that we have in screen strategy,
innovation, entrepreneurship,
marketing, finance and
accounting and management.
Before I go into the details
of each of them, I want
to share with you a few
thoughts.
The first is that the Power MBA is
a complete program, it is an
MBA program.
What implication does it have?
It incorporates all areas.
This is not about being a digital
marketing expert or being an
accounting expert, no.
The goal is not that.
The goal is to have a comprehensive
vision of the business.
The goal is to understand the
company from all perspectives.
Why is?
When you do that, you
see things much clearer.
I'll always talk about
the puzzle.
You when you have a puzzle with the pieces
all apart is that you don't know
what's there, right?
But you start to mount the puzzle and one
day you have it all mounted and you see
the image and you see it very clearly.
We also sometimes put the example
of glasses or putting on a lens.
If you have, I know, if you have
myopia or astigmatism, as in my case,
because I don't wear lenses and I
see nothing.
I put on my lenses and I see
things very clearly.
That is the objective.
From now on, you can understand
the world of the company in
a much simpler way.
As I said, we don'
t need expert.
We don't want you to be an expert
in anything.
What we want is that you are
trained to be successful in the world
of the company.
And we believe that the best
way is this.
Have that comprehensive view.
By the way, this concept of the
MBA, of the entire program, this
we did not invent.
This is something that traditionally
MBAs, that is, people who have
done an MBA, in our case a Power
MBA, as they get further.
It has always been so.
As I said, it is a complete
program.
What happens is that while
we haveined the MBA philosophy,
we have been innovative in
many things.
Basically, what we have innovated
is that within each of those
areas, the content, the models,
the tools and the rest we
share with you, are
usually much more up-to-date.
These are things in which we have
innovated, which we have
identified from the most advanced
knowledge.
We have selected the most useful,
most up-to-date and most practical
models and tools.
Always with that goal, let them
be knowledge that will serve you
for something.
Another factor in how the program
is structured is that it
has a script.
This is like a series, as many
students say, like a series on
Netflix or like a movie.
It doesn't matter, it has a script.
You have to start with strategy
and you have to move forward and
you will build your learning
in this way.
I advance, because it is so, that I am
sure there are areas that interest
you more than others or you have even
been able to incorporate Power MBA because
you want to learn from something
specific.
It does not matter.
In the end, the goal is that you understand
and learn from everything, because
you will be able to put it
much more in value.
That is, if you want to be an expert
in digital marketing, that's fine, if
you don't understand the strategy,
if you don't understand the finances,
if you don't understand weeks, well,
because you'll take less advantage
of that specific knowledge.
It is true that depending on
your current situation or your
professional goals, there
may be areas or subjects
or models to which you can
get a faster return.
If you want to build a company, then
it is likely that it will be very useful
or transformative for you everything
that is relevant to the in-startup.
You also have to know about
finance, because if not, the day
you mount a company, you will
miss a lot of things.
Now let's see what the different
areas are.
Let us go into a little more detail.
We start with strategy.
Why with strategy?
Because strategy is the
basis of knowledge.
It is the basis of knowledge on
which we will build everything else.
We can summarize here or we can
highlight two benefits you will
get with the strategy area.
First, you will become
a real strategic
consultant.
What is this concrete in?
You will understand everything
much better.
It's like what we've told before
the pieces fit.
You can see everything much
clearer.
If now, for example, I ask you
to analyze Amazon's growth
strategy, then you're sure to
do a chaotic analysis.
You don't even know where to start.
But after you know the tools
you'll see in the strategy area,
when you understand well,
because I don't know what vertical
integration consists of or what
are the differences between
organic or inorganic growth.
Or the Ansoft matrix, for
example, things that come to my mind.
Sure, if I ask you to analyze
Amazon's growth strategy,
you just have to use those tools
to see everything very
clearly and to explain it
phenomenally.
That is simple.
And it's just like
tools you know now.
I don't know, depending on your level.
But I guarantee you that even if they
don't sound like anything, you'll learn
them very simply because they're tools
that are very intuitive,
they're very easy, they're very easy
to understand, they're very easy
to incorporate into your head.
How will we it?
As I am telling you, we incorporate
all those models, all those
tools into our mental
structure.
And from that point on, all
analysis is processed through
those tools.
As I said, you will see everything
much clearer.
I give you an example.
I give you another example.
Do you want to analyze innovation
in a company's value proposition?
It is a very innovative company.
Imagine the Power MBA, for example.
How do you analyze the disruption
of The Power MBA in its market
with respect to business schools?
As I told you, if I ask you to
do it now, you start telling
things disorderly.
But if you rely on a tool
like the value curve, for example,
then you're sure that your analysis
instead of being chaotic
is much more orderly.
You can explain it much
better.
As we have seen, you will be
able to do some beastly analysis.
You will see everything very clearly.
That was the first of the
benefits we have given him the
name that you will become a
strategic consultant.
The second benefit, and it is
a consequence of the above,
is to see the clearer things
of being a true strategic
consultant, is that decisions
are made much better.
When you understand things,
it's easier to make good decisions.
If you make a wrong diagnosis,
then the decisions you make later
are probably not right.
By the way, what will happen to
you, I tell you, because we are told
by hundreds of students, is that you
will come up with thousands of ideas.
The head will be in permanent boiling.
You will be able to constantly
identify better opportunities.
By the way, all this knowledge that
we will acquire in the area of strategy
we will reinforce it with very many
cases, with cases that you will
love, with cases that will
inspire you.
The cases are also very
important and you'll see
it to relate the theory,
concepts, models to real life.
Because it helps us understand
or visualize how we can put all
that knowledge into practice.
How to make it a reality.
Or how others did.
In the area of innovation
and entrepreneurship we have incorporated
an additional module called The
Power Launch Formula, which in
short is a step-by-step guide,
a very practical formula
that accompanies you on the
way of creating and launching
an innovative business
model.
It's more practical, it's more detailed,
it takes more time, it's a
formula, not a method, step by step.
What are the reasons why we have
decided to create The Power Launch
Formula and offer it to the
Power MBA students?
The first is that you have
asked us.
Hundreds of people contact us because
they want us to accompany them more
on the road.
On the way, that of identifying
ideas, of launching
ideas, of consolidating
projects, etc.
And that is impossible.
Because as you will learn, that model
does not scale and would be much
more expensive.
The hours of each person's counseling
are much more expensive, it
would cost a lot more.
So what we did, as we can't
do that, what we did is wrap
the method we follow when
we advise entrepreneurs
or companies and others,
wrap it into a formula.
Then you will get 80% of the value,
you will get it by only applying
it to your project, applying
it to your ideas.
But much more efficiently,
as we always like Power Envie,
at a super affordable price.
Another reason is that to be truly
good in this, innovating, we have
to anchor, we have to first transform
our way of thinking and therefore
we have to anchor it because
it is that we usually then let
us drag by the current, it happens
to us that we take, sometimes
we make bad decisions, we let
us be taken by traditional thinking
and that is why we have
created a formula that obliges
us to make good decisions
because if you apply it
to the rajatabla, you
can not let you take
by the current.
Who is Power Launch Formula for?
Of course, it's not for everyone,
so it's extra.
If you want to make a greater effort
in terms of time and in terms
of cost, then perfect.
And you're sure you get it a great
return, but let's see for whom.
The first thing for everyone who
at some point wants to undertake,
dreams of changing their life, launching
a new project and others, regardless
of whether they have the idea or
not because we will incorporate
that methodology and identification
of ideas.
The second of the segments, and
this is the one that is really most
recommended, is all those you already
have projects in progress, in which
you have invested money, you have
already taken a risk.
When you take a risk, you'
re gambling your life, then
any help is good.
And finally, I would
recommend it to entrepreneurs
because entrepreneurs are always
thinking about innovation,
so being very good at innovating
can become a real competitive
advantage.
Marketing is a very interesting
area and it is also the favorite
area for many people, now it
is the most sexy area.
Everyone wants to learn from
marketing, but it has all the
sense of the world because when
you become a real marketing
expert, there are four counted,
but it's not hard, when
you're very good at this
you can grow the sales
volume of any company,
you can grow the business
volume.
And that, imagine, is worth
a lot of money.
You become, as I said, a much
more valuable professional.
The ultimate goal we've seen
is that you're able to increase
the business volume.
But how will we do it?
Well, we'll look at different
courses, but I think we could summarize
it mainly in three levers.
On the one hand, it will help us
to understand our customers much better.
We will look at tools that will help
us to do so, such as the customer
person, or for example analyze
the customer journey, the customer
journey.
You will be an expert in making good segments.
The customer is always the most important.
There are many companies that
forget about the customer, but I tell
you that when you are able
to know, understand your customers,
even better than they themselves,
when you know what hurts them,
when you know what messages
come to their heart, what
lever you have to touch, etc.,
it is that everything else
is very easy.
One conclusion of this,
one consequence is that
we will learn using words, messages,
to reach the hearts of customers,
to connect much better
with them.
And that will help us sell more,
will help us to better structure
our campaigns, to have more
return on everything we do.
We also learn how to
use channels, especially
digital channels.
You will learn to capture,
convert, and fidelize customers,
and become an expert in digital
marketing.
I'll start by quoting Yartrude, who
is one of the greatest gurus in the
history of marketing, the father
of concepts like positioning.
And said something like, the perfect
CEO is a marketing expert,
you should already be a marketing
expert, who also knows how to read
a balance sheet.
I think this phrase summarizes the
importance of understanding finance
and accounting well.
If you don't understand them, you lack
a vital perspective in the world of
the company.
It is basically impossible for you
to understand the world of the company
properly if you don't understand
the numbers behind it.
What will we learn?
Well, we will learn many very important
things like knowing how to value
the income of the company,
know what are the financial
statements, the accounting statements.
You will be familiar with key
concepts, with key magnitudes
and absolutely necessary for a
Power MBA like ROE, like ROE,
like EBITDA, I don't know, there
are many.
You will understand what the different
financing alternatives are,
how you should finance a project, a
company, you will know how to value
investments, you will know how
to value companies and more.
This area is a bigger challenge
for several reasons.
First, because there are people
with different levels of knowledge
in finance and accounting.
Per for some it needs a greater
effort than for others, but we
recommend that everyone do
it, even if you have done an
MBA before, you have done the
AD career, because I assure you
it will help you to strengthen
your knowledge a lot.
Another challenge is that, and we
must be honest, in the area of
finance and accounting, a greater
effort is needed to assimilate
all those concepts.
When we learn about marketing
or when we learn about strategy,
it's very fun.
In the case of finance and accounting,
learning is a little more, you
have to go building progressively
from concepts that you have to
bury well in your head, because
otherwise, it's like if the
foundations are not solid,
you won't understand it too.
The last area we call leading
organizations is usually
known as management.
Management is the translation of management.
Within this area you will
find different courses that
have slightly different
goals, but in the end the great
benefit of what you will learn
or what you will be able to create
organizations that are excellent
and that help you to
your strategic goals.
That is what we will.
And how will we it?
As I said, with different
tools.
First you have to be very aware,
you have to be able to define
the direction of an organization,
for example, knowing
how to define the mission,
vision, values, etc.
You have to understand the importance
of all this, that there are a lot of
people who don't do it and that'
s why companies are usually out of the box.
You need to understand the styles of leadership.
You need to know how to apply the right
leadership style to your organization.
You need to understand the
different types of business culture.
The culture also has to be very
coherent with your sector, with your
goals and others.
You need to know the different
organizational structures.
We have the functional, the
divisional, the matricial.
This will help us understand
any type of organization.
You have to be very good
at managing people, managing
human resources throughout your
life, because people are the
most valuable resource or
asset we have.
You have to be able to manage projects
and we will do so based on
Ajay's philosophy.
In addition, you will learn a system
that we love of organization
management called OKRs, which
we will see, which will help you
align all the efforts that come
out in your company with
strategic goals.
In conclusion, I will share with
you a reflection that we love
and repeat a lot.
To be successful in the business
world, you don't need to
be a visionary.
You don't have to wake up
with a happy idea.
You do not need to have
special abilities.
When you acquire knowledge,
when you integrate tools, models
in your head, when you have
analyzed dozens of success
and failure cases, you will
be much more prepared to make
good decisions, you
will be much more prepared
to have professional success.
All this knowledge
is now available to you.
You will buy it in the coming months.
So I really encourage you to make
the most out of it always
with the aim that it helps you
pursue your dreams or your professional
goals, whether it is to scale
professionally, become
a more valuable professional,
launch a new company or convert
your company or scale your
current company.